Document Aidoo devices in Airzone Cloud (#27572)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/airzone_cloud.markdown

ha_integration_type: integration
---

This integration interacts with the Cloud API of [Airzone devices](https://www.airzone.es/en/).

There are two main types of Airzone devices:
- [Aidoo](https://www.airzonecontrol.com/aa/en/control-solutions/aidoo/wi-fi/) / [Aidoo Pro](https://www.airzonecontrol.com/aa/en/control-solutions/aidoo/pro/)
- [Easyzone (US)](https://www.airzonecontrol.com/aa/en/control-solutions/easyzone/) / [Flexa (EU)](https://www.airzonecontrol.com/ib/es/soluciones-de-control/flexa/)

## Aidoo / Aidoo Pro

> These devices are wifi controllers that are normally connected to a single air conditioner split system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These devices are Wi-Fi controllers that are normally connected to a single air conditioner split system.
```

## Easyzone (US) / Flexa (EU)

> These devices are connected to ducted air conditioners along with motorized grilles and individual thermostats for every room (zone). Therefore, with a single ducted air conditioning system the user can turn on and off the air conditioner and set different desired temperatures on each room.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These devices are connected to ducted air conditioners, motorized grilles, and individual thermostats for every room (zone). Therefore, with a single ducted air conditioning system, the user can turn on and off the air conditioner and set different desired temperatures in each room.
```

## Sensors

> For each Airzone Aidoo (HVAC wifi controller), the following *sensors* are created:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For each Airzone Aidoo (HVAC Wi-Fi controller), the following *sensors* are created:
```
